hi today I have the Samsung and X 100
right here this will retain his title of
the NX series along with the N extends
innovation and success and next 100 has
the world's first I function lens that
allows you to control your camera
sitting violence this is targeted for
women who are looking for a stylish and
simple design so carrying this around
and won't be burdensome let's take a
closer look the NX 100 has a light body
which is mirrorless and a compact size
with interchangeable lens structure
let's separate the body the camera
offers fourteen point six megapixels
picture quality and has an aps-c sized
CMOS sensor this sensor is about sixty
percent bigger and has higher quality
than the Micro Four Thirds sensor which
minimizes noise and allows a clearer
picture and out focusing picture let's
take a closer look at the center
changeable eye function lens there are
20 to 50 millimeter s 3.5 to 5.6 lens
and 20 millimeter s 2.8 lens these i
Function lenses are interchangeable with
NX series this allows fewer steps of
appropriate setting by the lens
this means you don't always have to
explore the menu or exit shooting motion
the eye function button is to control
the parameters related to image quality
the focus ring is to control the value
of parametres it has advanced autofocus
system
NX 100 to text apply directly so that
the light is achieved by measuring
contrast within a sensor field so the
fast autofocus helps capture the
fast-moving object
let's check out the details n X 100 can
set the ISO up to highest 6400 the
3-inch amo LED display gives a superb
image quality and color when viewing you
can get more battery life from low power
and view wider angle from the display
with true black color and clear image it
is 120 point five millimeters in width
and 71 millimeters in height it has a
thickness of thirty four point five
millimeters without the lens the weight
of the camera is only 282 grams it is
very lightweight compared to a normal
DSLR camera on the top you can see the
mode dial now let's see these modes of
the eye functions and how this limits
makes taking pictures easy in program
mode that i Function lens can control
exposure value ISO and white balance in
aperture priority mode you can set the
aperture only by this lips I'm pressing
the eye function button you can also set
evey ISO and white balance in shutter
speed priority mode you can set the
shutter speed this is manual mode which
you can set the shutter speed after turn
white balance and ISO in AI mode you can
choose from the line scenes that you
want in this course there are smart auto
mode in this part auto mode it is easy
to take the perfect shot in up to 16
different Odyssey
another remarkable feature is a sound
picture
this lets you accompany still shots with
recording a surrounding sound so you can
see and hear you members the NX 100
sensor cleaning function beeps the
sensor dust free and going all the time
moreover it is an anti dust coated
sensor so you will get nothing but a
great picture without one single flaw
you can shoot 720p HD videos
it supports HDMI so the camera can be
easily connected with HDTV and x100 also
has smart filter that has been adding
miniature fisheye sketched defog
halftone dots and soft focus now here's
a smart shoot for the MX accessories you
can attach the external EDF that you
look through to the frame to focus your
subject before taking a picture this is
an external GPS for geo-tagging so that
you'll know where you took the picture
this is for the review of the MX 100
with the smart I function rinse you can
control the cameras body by the lens i
Function lens can also help you capture
high speed and quality captured images
with the stylish design it will make
your sense of style come alive too it
will provide Universal usability from
beginners to experts thank you for
watching